information
Information about someone or something consists of facts about them.
computer
A computer is an electronic machine that can store and deal with large amounts of information.
science
Science is the study of the nature and behaviour of natural things and the knowledge that we obtain about them.
zoo
A zoo is a park where live animals are kept so that people can look at them.
distinguish
If you can distinguish one thing from another or distinguish between two things, you can see or understand how they are different.
umbrella
An umbrella is an object which you use to protect yourself from the rain or hot sun. It consists of a long stick with a folding frame covered in cloth.
item
An item is one of a collection or list of objects.
apple
An apple is a round fruit with smooth green, yellow, or red skin and firm white flesh.
book
A book is a number of pieces of paper, usually with words printed on them, which are fastened together and fixed inside a cover of stronger paper or cardboard. Books contain information, stories, or poetry, for example.
internet
The Internet is the computer network which allows computer users to connect with computers all over the world, and which carries e-mail.
joy
Joy is a feeling of great happiness.
university
A university is an institution where students study for degrees and where academic research is done.
earthquake
An earthquake is a shaking of the ground caused by movement of the earth's crust.
fake
A fake fur or a fake painting, for example, is a fur or painting that has been made to look valuable or genuine, usually in order to deceive people.
erase
If you erase a thought or feeling, you destroy it completely so that you can no longer remember something or no longer feel a particular emotion.
another
Another thing or person means an additional thing or person of the same type as one that already exists.
option
An option is something that you can choose to do in preference to one or more alternatives.
phone
The phone is an electrical system that you use to talk to someone else in another place, by dialling a number on a piece of equipment and speaking into it.
puma
A puma is a wild animal that is a member of the cat family. Pumas have brownish-grey fur and live in mountain regions of North and South America.
dictionary
A dictionary is a book in which the words and phrases of a language are listed alphabetically, together with their meanings or their translations in another language.
disk
In a computer, the disk is the part where information is stored.
suspect
You use suspect when you are stating something that you believe is probably true, in order to make it sound less strong or direct.
validate
To validate something such as a claim or statement means to prove or confirm that it is true or correct.
implementation
Very little has been achieved in the implementation of the peace agreement signed last January.
exit
The exit is the door through which you can leave a public building.
pen
A pen is a long thin object which you use to write in ink.
sushi
Sushi is a Japanese dish of rice with sweet vinegar, often served with raw fish.
digital
Digital systems record or transmit information in the form of thousands of very small signals.
analogue
If one thing is an analogue of another, it is similar in some way.
knowledge
Knowledge is information and understanding about a subject which a person has, or which all people have.
automatic
An automatic machine or device is one which has controls that enable it to perform a task without needing to be constantly operated by a person. Automatic methods and processes involve the use of such machines.
graph
A graph is a mathematical diagram which shows the relationship between two or more sets of numbers or measurements.
warrior
A warrior is a fighter or soldier, especially one in former times who was very brave and experienced in fighting.
revolution
A revolution is a successful attempt by a large group of people to change the political system of their country by force.
quality
The quality of something is how good or bad it is.
sound
A sound is something that you hear.
organization
An organization is an official group of people, for example a political party, a business, a charity, or a club.
character
The character of a person or place consists of all the qualities they have that make them distinct from other people or places.
robot
A robot is a machine which is programmed to move and perform certain tasks automatically.
participatory
A participatory system, activity, or role involves a particular person or group of people taking part in it.
credit
If you are allowed credit, you are allowed to pay for goods or services several weeks or months after you have received them.
zipper
A zipper is a device used to open and close parts of clothes and bags. It consists of two rows of metal or plastic teeth which separate or fasten together as you pull a small tag along them.
zero
Zero is the number 0.
zoom
If you zoom somewhere, you go there very quickly.
queen
A queen is a woman who rules a country as its monarch.
question
A question is something that you say or write in order to ask a person about something.
world
The world is the planet that we live on.
battle
A battle is a violent fight between groups of people, especially one between military forces during a war.
flash
A flash is a sudden burst of light or of something shiny or bright.
female
Someone who is female is a woman or a girl.
fantastic
If you say that something is fantastic, you are emphasizing that you think it is very good or that you like it a lot.
ghost
A ghost is the spirit of a dead person that someone believes they can see or feel.
hammer
A hammer is a tool that consists of a heavy piece of metal at the end of a handle. It is used, for example, to hit nails into a piece of wood or a wall, or to break things into pieces.
harmony
If people are living in harmony with each other, they are living together peacefully rather than fighting or arguing.
icecream
Ice cream is a very cold sweet food which is made from frozen cream or a substance like cream and has a flavour such as vanilla, chocolate, or strawberry.
illuminate
To illuminate something means to shine light on it and to make it brighter and more visible.
jealous
If someone is jealous, they feel angry or bitter because they think that another person is trying to take a lover or friend, or a possession, away from them.
justice
Justice is fairness in the way that people are treated.
kleptomaniac
A kleptomaniac is a person who cannot control their desire to steal things, usually because of a medical condition.
language
A language is a system of communication which consists of a set of sounds and written symbols which are used by the people of a particular country or region for talking or writing.
mask
A mask is a piece of cloth or other material, which you wear over your face so that people cannot see who you are, or so that you look like someone or something else.
noob
Also written : n00b another word for newbie
obtain
To obtain something means to get it or achieve it.
recognition
Recognition is the act of recognizing someone or identifying something when you see it.
superior
If one thing or person is superior to another, the first is better than the second.
temporary
Something that is temporary lasts for only a limited time.
volunteer
A volunteer is someone who does work without being paid for it, because they want to do it.
whiskey
Whiskey is whisky that is made in Ireland or the United States.
xylophone
A xylophone is a musical instrument which consists of a row of wooden bars of different lengths. You play the xylophone by hitting the bars with special hammers.
xenophobic
If you describe someone as xenophobic, you disapprove of them because they show strong dislike or fear of people from other countries.
yellow
Something that is yellow is the colour of lemons, butter, or the middle part of an egg.
yesterday
You use yesterday to refer to the day before today.
young
A young person, animal, or plant has not lived or existed for very long and is not yet mature.
linear
A linear process or development is one in which something changes or progresses straight from one stage to another, and has a starting point and an ending point.
location
A location is the place where something happens or is situated.
manner
The manner in which you do something is the way that you do it.
mom
Your mom is your mother.
nuclear
Nuclear means relating to the nuclei of atoms, or to the energy released when these nuclei are split or combined.
nice
If you say that something is nice, you mean that you find it attractive, pleasant, or enjoyable.
boost
If one thing boosts another, it causes it to increase, improve, or be more successful.
viniculture
the process or business of growing grapes and making wine
volume
The volume of something is the amount of it that there is.
understand
If you understand someone or understand what they are saying, you know what they mean.
unique
Something that is unique is the only one of its kind.
keen
If you are keen on doing something, you very much want to do it. If you are keen that something should happen, you very much want it to happen.
kill
If a person, animal, or other living thing is killed, something or someone causes them to die.
hippo
A hippo is a hippopotamus.
history
You can refer to the events of the past as history. You can also refer to the past events which concern a particular topic or place as its history.
grab
If you grab something, you take it or pick it up suddenly and roughly.
gloria
a silk, wool, cotton, or nylon fabric used esp for umbrellas
glue
Glue is a sticky substance used for joining things together, often for repairing broken things.
xanthus
the chief city of ancient Lycia in SW Asia Minor: source of some important antiquities
matrix
A matrix is the environment or context in which something such as a society develops and grows.
release
If a person or animal is released from somewhere where they have been locked up or looked after, they are set free or allowed to go.
reduce
If you reduce something, you make it smaller in size or amount, or less in degree.
october
October is the tenth month of the year in the Western calendar.
account
If you have an account with a bank or a similar organization, you have an arrangement to leave your money there and take some out when you need it.
axe
An axe is a tool used for cutting wood. It consists of a heavy metal blade which is sharp at one edge and attached by its other edge to the end of a long handle.
may
You use may to indicate that something will possibly happen or be true in the future, but you cannot be certain.
description
A description of someone or something is an account which explains what they are or what they look like.